---
layout: destination
image: bikaner.jpg
title: Bikaner
---
Bikaner prides itself by being hailed as one of the oldest establishments in Rajasthan. The grandiose of the city can be witnessed in the magnificent architectural galore which enunciates prolific luxury and opulence. The forts and palaces are built of sandstone which exudes aristocratic charisma ,  epitomizing power and pertinence.
Junagarh Mahal is an impressive and enchanting citadel that resounds the tales of glory and valor and to much amazement it was never captured or seized. The palatial grandeur par excellence one can ever witness is of   in none other than this Mahal as the Fort houses many exuberant palaces constructed with fine amalgamation of red sandstone and marble , the blend itself sounds exotic and wonderment lies in seeing the place with unguarded eyes. The walls, wide windows, sprawling balconies of these palaces are a fine feast to the roving eyes as you know not on which gallery, embellishment or artefact to set eyes upon. The visit to this Mahal allows one to indulge in the sentimental imagination of regal times and feeling of which seeps coyly yet delightfully into your being.
Lalgarh Palace and museum is yet another jewel in the royal casket of Bikaner. The palace stands massively and intimidatingly robed gloriously in sheen of red sandstone quarried from the Thar dessert. The plush guest suites , elaborate fireplaces , illustrations pillars are meant to send you agape and alluring. The Lalgarh palace is a beautiful and much thought after extension of Laxmi Niwas Palace.
The Laxmi Niwas Palace is a symbol of tasteful and distinguished architecture which is constructed of red sandstone in impeccable proportion which renders exquisiteness to this composition. Bikaner also boasts of numerous havelis which are truly mesmerising as the intricate works on the ceilings and walls which are mostly of floral pattern complimented with designs of leaves are enthralling and engaging. One such beautiful construction is of Rampuria Haveli where the jharokhas , entrances , netted windows which are apropos to filigree and extravagant drawing rooms are in abundance and  they beckon you to live them through your eyes. 
There are plethora of places to visit in the city including temples , museums and lakes which sets the anticipation levels soaring high and upon your visit you shall be thoroughly smitten by the beauteous and blissful Bikaner.
