---
layout: destination
image: gwalior.jpg
title: Gwalior

---
 Gwalior is avowed as the Fort City which stays true to its title for the forts it has resembles sheer power and vigour sported by the kings of the the bygone era . The much victorious feeling reverberates in the travellers upon seeing these towering forts which are remarkable architectures exhibiting laborious and diligent work of hands . The Gwalior fort stands unflinching on the sandstone hill in its enormous splendor which is a stunning spectacle to the eyes. The Fort provides exquisite and evocative view of the valleys beneath which appear to be smeared in golden shade of mud complimented with overwhelming green patches of trees. The much celebrated exterior of the fort is like a story spun and told over times but the interior of the fort is no less and upon the visit it demands one's imaginative faculty to take a rest because the splendor sits right in front of the eyes. There are eleven beautiful Jain temples housed by the Fort which are wonderfully carved and intricate pattern of designs are appealing . The fort boast twin majestic entrances which renders the feel of a royal and befitting welcome. The most impressive of the enticing lot is the Maan Mandir Palace. It was believed to be built by king Maan Singh for his most beautiful and beloved queen and with hand on heart , he succeeded in making his love for his lady immortal with this bespoke palace built in her fond memory. The hues chosen for this architectural marvel themselves speak volumes for the turquoise ,yearning yellow and hint of lustrous green add grace and vibrancy to the structure. This place is a significant visit for it promises you delightful memories which shall remain embedded and finely pressed onto your minds.Gwalior has no dearth of temples and the architectural galore is impressive. The city offers rich insight to the eventful history revealing its charm in terms of unparalleled architecture. It is a definite visit for those who are lovers of history and its aura as the city is bountiful of places that leave you spellbound . Once you visit Gwalior you shall be enthralled with everything offered at your perusal and you shall crave to visit it any and many times.