---
layout: destination
image: mt-rushmore.jpg
title: Jodhpur


---
Rajasthan has no dearth of colors so much so that the cities boast of their second names which are entitled with vibrant shades , Jodhpur is not behind in the fray for its is called the Blue city whose splendor rests gloriously in the emotive and evocative variations of blue hue. The predominant color of mahals , forts , monuments ,havelis ,temples is blend of shades of blue ,  the shade which is associated and celebrated with regality and richness. The most pleasing and overwhelming spectacle is of the magnificent Mehrangarh fort and the access to the interiors of this grandeur architecture can be from seven gates which are the epitome of victory over opponents and rivals. Moti Mahal , Phool Mahal , Sheesh Mahal are few of the palaces inside the fort which are remarkable representations of resplendence. The assemblage of items inside the fort's museum is of varied artifacts reverberating the opulence through ornate costumes and furniture , musical instruments and royal cradles which awakens the historical lover in each of the spectator.
Rao Jodha Desert park is another treat for tourists as it is sprawling lushly which is an ecologically restored desert . From this park too the sight of Mehrangarh fort is sheer delight .The another place to visit and rejuvenate yourself and invite calmness to your being is Balsamand Lake which is merely 5 kms from Jodhpur. The lake is surrounded by superabundant trees of variety and is plethora of animals and birds could be easily spotted. The Ranisar lake is bound to transport you into the world of tranquility where the Mehrana fort looms unapologetically providing bounteous and beautiful view where lake flows nudging and teasing the fort. More so , the water invigorates your senses as its is sans dirt and pollutants . It is a peaceful sight to behold. Temples in Jodhpur are not a rarity , they are in abundance and to visit them is nothing short of memorable experience.
Ganesh temple , Kunj Bihari temple ,Achal nath  temple , Chamunda Maa temple are just handful to mention. The visit to this wonderful city will give you pleasant memories and the serenity and poise of the place is one of the things that will never be forgotten for it will be deeply engraved on your heart that how glorious city of Jodhpur is.
