---
layout: destination
image: mt-abu.jpg
title: Mount Abu
---
Mount Abu is a hill station in Rajasthan , adjacent to the Gujarat border. The climate here is pleasant and the area is enwreathed by generous forest cover. Amongst the places to visit , the Dilwara temples are attractions to commence the journey with. These temples were built betwixt 11 and 13 Century and the marble architecture's beauty accentuates when sun gazes intently yet gently upon it. The cluster of temples have 5 in totality which are peculiar to the Jain culture in India and these are - Vimal Vasahi , Luna Vasahi , Pithalhar , Parshavnath and Mahavir Swami. The engravings on the walls and ceilings of the temples are uniquely chosen from the Jain and Hindu mythology . The abundant use of marble sets these temples to be a spectacle for tourists who are relentlessly attracted to the intricate carvings , engravings and diligent craftsmanship. The towering pillars , gallant doors and resplendent panels adds more grace and splendor to the temples. 
Guru Shikar is another place to head out to because it garners interests of tourists as it is the highest point in Mount Abu. The place offers an encompassing spectacle of the Aravalli range and clasped region. The temple of Guru Dattatreya is also situated on this hill which is an incarnation of Hindu deities - Bhrama , Shiva and Vishnu. The galore of vision provided from this spot is splendid and thoroughly enjoyable. 
Nakki lake also finds a respectable spot in the visiting itinerary for this lake is renowned for relaxing your being after an eventful day. As the dawn descends the pouring of lights from accommodations in vicinity is a vision to behold. The lake turns into a sizzling gush of water that glimmers which sates your sight. The sunset point cannot remain unvisited no matter what for the landscape turns from lusty orange to taming tangerine as the sun bids adieu and paves way for a happening stellar night. The Toad Rock is yet another miraculous natural stone sculpture which resembles a tortoise. The tourists here more often than not undertake their passion of photography as from this location bounteous view of Aravallis is available yet again
