---
layout: destination
image: mt-rushmore.jpg
title: Nainital

---
Nainital in its sheer perfection is embraced in firm arms of Kumaon hills which draws us to applaud stark power of nature where at same place hills reside ,  the hot water spring too have a home! Nainital is one of the beloved tourist destinations and a primary reason is it's nearness and short travel time . The place is clasped amidst powerful hills and fragile Nainital lake popularly and aptly called The Pear shaped lake. The lake meanders at the pace of ones memories and it is next to impossible not to be taken aback by its splendid hue and calmness that penetrates and reverberates in tourists. There are plenty of places to see in and around Nainital - temples , main markets , a zoo etc to name a few. The place also garners attention especially of students towards the recently government setup observatory and to feed curious thoughts , the observatory was situated at this particular location being mindful of the clear skies above and one of the finest telescope graces the audience and astronomy enthusiasts there. The observatory undoubtedly adds thrill to the bubbling brains of students and they undauntedly enjoy their engrossing visit.  The place offers relentless bliss and cool when visited in summers to avoid the scorching and brazen heat of the capital territory. Otherwise also ,it stands as a preferred location in the winter season too and the ambience of Nainital ceases to diminish and fade , least to say you will surrender yourself to its magnetism once you pay a visit to this most favored destination.