---
layout: destination
image: shimla.jpg
title: Shimla

---
One of the quickest and easiest way to beat the heat of capital territory is to backpack and buzz off to Shimla. The short timed journey is a boon and upon reaching Shimla the trip becomes more interesting and fascinating. You commence the tour of the capital with The Christ Church which is the most prominent landmark of the city. The architecture sends you marvelling , both at the pleasing royal yellow of the exterior which resonates with aura of enlightenment . The interior too sends you adulating the stained glass windows which is graced by bright colors ranging from scarlet to mahogany ,azure to twilight blue sealed with monarch orange. The Ridge is undeniably the most popular location in Shimla. The evenings are followed by a must visit to the Scandal Point which is heartthrob of the masses and remaining true to its name , you always are in a scandal when at Scandal point ! With bunch of savouring delights : be it crunchy popcorns , dreamy creamy ice creams or a simple pour of rich coffee. The ambience of the place accompanied with friends makes the trip all the more exciting leaving you stimulated like never before. The nightlife of main market is definitely not to be missed out with street full of wooden items and obvious galore of woollen accessories - warm yet bright hued mufflers and pretty caps etc , the place has something for everyone to engage in. There are many temples to visit too which do not further lay the area so it is easy to pay visit and enjoy the weather whilst hopping from one place to another.
Viceregal Lodge is another brimming place of attraction built on the Observatory hill, the second highest point in Shimla with interiors made of wood and its sheer magnificence transports you in the world of nobility and fineness.
Further more Kufri is the place to head to when camping in Shimla , which is merely 13 kms away. The place enables to witness tantalizing landscapes which accentuates the level of your delight a notch higher.
The Toy train is a fabulous crowd pleaser as it offers photogenic locations unapologetically to the eyes of the travellers. The most enticing of moments is when the train pulls on the curve , the tiny engine can be spotted from the bogeys behind and the spectacle gives sheer cheer , one such that a sparkle of delight can be spotted unabashedly in the eyes !
